config: allow to set non-existent credential role (#9812)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9643-credentials-from-app-roles.md

## feature/config

> * A non-existent role can now be assigned via config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A non-existent role can now be assigned via the configuration.
```

Author: Thank you! I applied, except that I removed the last word - `file`, since the configuration can be provided in other ways.

## feature/config

* A non-existent role can now be assigned in the `credential` section of

>   the configuration.

Reviewer 2: While it is actually a small enhancement for the credentials applier (so, we can call it a feature), it is part of a bugfix in a more wide context of tarantool itself. We need this change to fix `box.schema.user.grant()` clash with the credentials applier (#9643). We should backport this change to 3.0. So, I vote for the labeling it as a bugfix.

Author: True, fixed. Also, added some text to commit-message.
